panache was launched in 2005 in the
United Arab Emirates coming from a
family with an industrial background of
more than 40 years in Africa I
personally have over a decade of
experience in manufacturing collectively
in Tennessee have a team with over 50
years of experience in the industry
panache international is an integrated
manufacturer of disposable plastic
products and packaging products
producing a wide range of plates cups
containers meal trays bowls and other
solutions the company caters to all
types of industries such as food
caterers supermarket chains dairy
companies food factories as well as to
wholesalers and retailers
Quality Assurance and control starts at
the very beginning panache international
uses only food grade raw material
certified by internationally accredited
testing laboratories for its products
because we started new we were able to
deploy the latest in technology which
meant highly energy efficient
eco-friendly machines providing high
yield on output which all burns down to
one simple thing which is low cost in
production
this also means advanced process control
that helps panache guarantee its clients
top-notch quality and cost effective
rates in the fastest time panache
international never sleeps with its
state-of-the-art technology and modern
production techniques this
round-the-clock facility is equipped to
produce more than 4.5 million units in a
24 hour cycle
complementing the production process is
this high-speed six color food freight
offset printer with the capacity of two
million cups a day
since panache uses the thermoforming
technique for its processes very design
requests are cost effective to create
besides having inherent energy savings
in the process itself
Kaizen the Japanese management system
and philosophy of continuous improvement
on all fronts is the moving force that
has propelled the company's rapid growth
I then aims to continuously improve and
eliminate any muda in your system
muda simply means in Japanese waste so
we are eliminating waste of turnaround
time raw material waste rejection waste
and any inefficiencies in the system
what that boils down to is high quality
of products and low cost of production
as a result from its strategic location
in Dubai which is also one of the top
logistics hubs in the world the nash
international exports to almost all the
continents and the market is steadily
growing with packaging in multiple
languages panache under the brand name
raha has been the first manufacturer to
offer polypropylene cups in the region
today
raha offers a wide range of
polypropylene products which are
hygienic microwave-safe recyclable and
food grade material
Kaizen and commitment has certainly paid
off since its inception in 2005 panache
international has seen a tenfold growth
and the trend is firmly set to continue
technology quality flexibility no matter
what kind of plastic manufacturing you
are looking for panache international is
committed to excellence and exceeding
expectations panache international
wonderful products for wonderful people